Breadcrumb docs (#474)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/breadcrumb/separator.md

---
title: Separator
page_title: Breadcrumb Separator
description: Separator in the Breadcrumb for Blazor.
slug: breadcrumb-separator
tags: telerik,blazor,breadcrumb,separator
published: True
position: 15
---

# Breadcrumb Separator

> The Breadcrumb component renders a [Telerik font icon]({%slug general-information/font-icons%}) as a separator between its items. By default the separator icon is `chevron-right`.

Reviewer: Can we display this icon here?

> You can define a separator icon of your choice through the `SeparatorIcon` field the `TelerikBreadcrumb` exposes. It accepts a `string` with the [Telerik icon]({%slug general-information/font-icons%}) name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a separator icon of your choice through the `SeparatorIcon` attribute of the `TelerikBreadcrumb`. It accepts a `string` with the [Telerik icon]({%slug general-information/font-icons%}) name.
```
